I know who you are you're the attorney
whose family they killed her nothing my
father
in truth
and now you hunt them
adios
[Music]
there's proof the cartel helped the
terrorists get to the border depressants
adding drug cartels to the list of
terrorist organizations you can
understand how that will expand our
ability to combat them they want to see
this thing through I'm gonna have to get
dirty dirty is exactly why you're here
help us start a war with hope everyone
no rules this time
your objective was start a war between
the Mexican cartels not with the Mexican
government
this girl was witness to the omission
correct yes sir
we can't risk her falling into the wrong
hands clean the scene no I'm gonna cut
ties you gotta get rid of her I can't do
that I'll put me in that situation you
got to do it you got to do I'm gonna
need a strike team to a Blackhawks drone
for the TAC capability or is it coop max
your girl
[Music]
you have no reason to trust me
quit trusting me I smile either survive
good luck luck doesn't live on this side
of the border
[Music]